Leopold Storch, Lord
	ESTP
	Great at improvising quickly but doesn't think about long term consequences much. Enjoys fighting for the sake of fighting. 
	Tend to be a bit single minded. Very confident in his own abilities, which is a double edged sword. Something about him make 
	people trust his skills.

	Before and during the Solar War, he worked with some African nations to fight in border skrimishes. Toward the end he met Kai
	and they went on to keep working together.

Kai, Emperor
	INTJ (INFP/INFJ)
	Great at planning

	Before founding Thr-1 with Lord, he'd do any job that'd pay the bills. Joining with Lord let both of them take bigger and 
	cleaner contracts.

Jeanne, Wizard
	ISTP
	Short tempered and very argumentative when questionned on her decisions about mechanics. Get's very flustered if you prove her 
	wrong. Rest of the time she's easy going. Lots of masculine hobbies. She's an overachiever and fears that she's not as useful 
	as the others on the field.

	She lived in a space mining colony with her father during the Solar War. She joined Lord and Emperor after they finished a 
	mission in her colony.

Corrine, Soverign
	ESFP
	.

	She met Zan'dr during the Solar War and they became like siblings during it.

Zan'dr, Duke
	ISTP
	Very focused on training his martial skills

	Zan'dr was one of the early test subject of the Human Enhancement Project. He met Corrine during the Solar War and they became
	like siblings during it.

M3-D1C, Jester
	ENTP
	Originally meant to be a quick witted but mild mannered and polite robotic medical assitant. 10 years of him being stuck with 
	himself caused his personality to devovlved into an unpleasent anti-social mess. 

	He's only the head of a lost model of medical assistant robot. This makes it very hard to make replacement bodies. Luckly, the
	he's nearly unbreakable

Vincent, Condor
	ENTJ


	Was conscripted during the Solar War, afterward he joined the Nest for the same reasons as most. He then grew 
	disillusioned and left when the group found out about a planet destroying weapon.
