	Tutorials

	Characters
Leopold, LORD, Storch

Kai, EMPEROR

Jeanne, WIZARD

	Enemy units
Manager
Body Guard
Heavy Sniper
Radar Operator
Missile Operator
Marksman
Enforcer

Sculptor
Skirmisher
Smoker
Snare
Crusher
Assasin

Commanding Officer
Infantry
Flamer
Spotter
Artilleryman
Grenadier
Bulwark

	Weapons

	Zoar's regions

	Events
Solar War
On January 2100, numerous unknown warships appeared in the solar system and started attacking human settlements. This started the conflict known as the 
Solar War. The conflict would end on March 2102 after a series of raid on the capital ship of the allien forces. The conflict would devastate large portion 
of the Earth, cause the death of nearly all colonies past the first asteroid belt and devastation in the rest of them. 

After the war's end, the Coallition proposed the leaders of humanity to join them. A few nations did.


	Faction
Coalition
An alliance of many Tailurian and Reptillian nations. Recently some human nations joined them. Their stated goal is to protectec themselves from further <X>
invasions.

The Nest


	Manufactuer
Old West Firearms & Replicas


Socrates
Originally a utility company, after some success with nuclear fusion reactors they would start doing research on 

Factory Munition Ballistics


Novak & Boyko				Do the soviet block weapons act. Very wide price range.		Type <Model number> <Weapon type>			Founders are Croatian and Ukrainian
Toolkit Manifacturing			Construction equipement.					Mk <Model number> <Name and purpose of the tool>
	The right tools for any job.

Compagnie d'Fusils Chasses d'3 Rivières
Based in the city 

Advanced Systems United Manifacturers
Originally a small syndicate of computer hardware and software manufacturers.

Old English Armoury
Ran by a group of ten elderly men. They produce some for the finest weapons.

Zoar Colony's Gun Shop
The shop is ran by Vivianne Miller a young gunsmith who settled in the Zoar Colony with her older brother Curtis shortly after the end of the Solar War.
The main source of income for the shop comes from the maintenance that the guns of the colonists due to the sand. 
There's a wide selection of firearms on sale at the shop, all of them are guns that she know how to modify for the customers desires. No matter how questionnable they are.
Curtis also operates his mercenary bussiness from the shop.



Dickinson Technologies			They do crackhead guns.						.							Better known as Dic-Tec
	The bleeding edge in weapon design!


Jeanne's				Weapons created or modified by Jeanne				Describe the effects the weapon would have


X Weapons RnD Division			X manifacturer. Specialise in energy and missile		MID-W-<Poduct model ID(8 digits)> (Model ID-)
Steel Wings				Tailurian manifacturer. Specialises in ship but make some guns 	Ortologists last names


